যে মানুষ নিজের পরিশ্রম দিয়ে জীবনে এগিয়ে যেতে চায়, তার জন্য আলোর পথ সব সময় খোলা থাকে।
মেহনতের ফল সব সময় মিষ্টি হয়, যদি মনটা সৎ থাকে।
Even the strongest walls, crumble under the right pickaxe.
Everything that has ever happened to me has some positive effects. Apparently, anything adverse feels like a setback as the rage & despair reduce the ability to think clearly. But everything has some good and bad effects. Let’s focus on the good side. 
The pathway to heaven feels like hell, the pathway to hell feels like heaven.
He who has a why to live can bear almost anything.
We are never left with nothing as long as we have the freedom to choose how we will respond to a certain situation.
We cannot avoid suffering. But we can choose how to cope with it, find meaning in it and move forward.
Nothing is permanent. Nor the good, nor the bad.
For reasons I have never understood, people like to hear that the world is going to hell.
Never give up. Today is hard. Tomorrow will be harder. But the day after tomorrow is beautiful. Sadly most people die tomorrow evening.
Nothing hard ever comes easy to anyone. Life is supposed to be hard and especially for those of us who really want to make an impact, there’s always a struggle. But the value is in the journey not in the destiny.
Before the big achievement, come apparent failure and dissatisfaction.
The darkest hour has only sixty minutes.
অপমানকে সহ্য করতে পারাই সাহসিকতার পরিচয়।
You die only once to make sure it was worth it.
Bruce Lee once said, “I’m not afraid of someone who knows 10000 ways to punch. I am afraid of someone who knows only 1 way to punch, but he practiced that one way 10000 times.”
Warriors don’t show their hearts until the axe reveals it. 
Without action, the best intentions in the world are nothing more than that: intentions.
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.
Winners never quit and quitters never win. 
One can control any situation if you first control yourself.
One has the power to forget or neutralize his mistakes. Even the biggest sin can be forgiven. 
A moment of pain is worth a lifetime of joy.
I have everything I need to get everythingy I want.
There is a place you are to fill, no one else can fill. Something you are to do, no one else can.
It is never too late to do the right thing.
Talent is rarely enough to assure victory and bad luck is rarely enough to guarantee defeat. 
When you truly want something, the whole universe conspires to help you to achieve it. 
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it. 
Believe you can and you are halfway there. 
I would worry less about the gods and more about the fury of a patient man.
A man is great not because he hasn’t failed; a man is great because failure hasn’t stopped him.
I’m the tortoise. Given enough time I can beat, virtually, anyone at anything.
Hard work only works when you are doing something you are good at. 
The only way to achieve the best results is to constantly strive for perfectionism without being disappointed. 
There is no perfect plan. The continuous stage of planning is best option. There will always be obstacles on the journey. Adjusting the plan is the way to go.
There is always an easy solution to a complex problem that is wrong.
What comes easy, won’t last long. What last long, won’t come easy. 
অতিকায় হস্তী লোপ পাইয়াছে কিন্তু তেলাপোকা টিকিয়া আছে।
জীবনের সমস্ত লড়াইয়ের মধ্যে সবচেয়ে কঠিন লড়াই নিজের সাথেই।
মানুষের পরিচয় তার কর্মে।
When you pray for rain, you have to deal with the mud too.
There’s no rehab program for being addicted to freedom. Once you have seen what it’s like on the other side, good luck trying to follow someone else’s rules over again.
Truth is always simple.
When you are winning, you are not as good as you think you are. And when you are losing, you are not as bad as you think you are.
Only staying active will make you want to live a hundred years.
What’s done is done.
If you know what you want, you can have it.
Winners and losers have the same goal.
Whoever has the most fun, wins in life.
A man who chases many rabbits catches none.
You are the average of five people/things you spent the most time with. 
The morning is wiser than the evening.
The frog in the well knows nothing of the great ocean.
If you believe everything you read, better not read.
It’s fine to celebrate success, but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure. 
Better to fight and fall than to live without hope.
Listen to your heart or the soul will die. Listen to your brain or the body will die. But listen to both and both will prosper. 
Forgiveness is refusing to allow past experiences to define how you feel in the present.
Don’t waste your time looking back. You are not going there.
Never make the same mistake twice. 
Things often happen to one he thinks the least of.
The biggest difference between successful and unsuccessful people is that the successful people are willing to do what the unsuccessful people are not.
An idiot admires complexity, a genius admires simplicity.
It is not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste a lot of it.
When we are so quick to anger, we are slow to understand.
All the things you want in life are out of your comfort zone. 
The greatest good comes from helping others without expecting praise.
No deed(good or bad) ever go unpunished.
Skipping one day makes it easy to skip another.
An excuse is a difference between who you are and who you wish to be.
Working smart is the difference between a donkey and a human.
If you don’t ask, the answer is always no.
Money can buy you stuff. But the biggest thing it buys is freedom. Including freedom from stuff.
All bad things will come to an end.
If 50 million people say something foolish, it is still foolish.
The difference between a novice and a master is that the master has failed more times than the novice has ever tried.
The brain is wider than the sky.
All diseases have a mental correspondence and to heal the body one must heal the soul. If the soul is happy, the body will be happy too.
You are what you do. Not what you want to do.
Why worry, it probably never gonna happen.
Luck happens to those that make things happen.
The Pro is the amateur who simply showed up every day.
Time spent laughing is the time spent with the gods.
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.
One cannot think well, love well, or sleep well if one has not dined well.
Life is not fair; get used to it.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.
There is no nobility in poverty. I have been a rich man and a poor man. And I chose to be rich every single time.
The first step to solving a problem is to identify the problem. So, never ignore a problem. Beware of the confirmation bias.
What is simple to do is also simple not to do.
সৎভাবে চললে পথের বাধা আসবেই, কিন্তু শেষজয় তার যারা ঠিকঠাক থাকে।