Shall I not inform you of whom the Fire is unlawful, or who is unlawful for the Fire? Every person who is near (to people), gentle, and easy-going. (Tirmizi 2488)
The Hellfire is forbidden for every gentle, easy-going, and approachable person. (Musnad Ahmad 3938)
The religion (of Islam) is easy, and whoever overburdens himself in religion will not be able to continue in that way. So be moderate, do your best, and be hopeful. (Bukhari 39)
Actions are judged by intentions, so each man will have what he intended/প্রকৃতপক্ষে, সকল কাজের ফলাফল নিয়তের উপর নির্ভরশীল। (Bukhari 1)
Your Lord is Generous and Shy. If His servant raises his hands to Him (in supplication), He feels too shy to return them empty. (Sunan Abu Dawood 1488, Sahih)
Whenever Allah wills good for a person, He subjects them to trials. ****(Sahih al-Bukhari 5645)
The best of you are those who have the best manners and character. (Sahih al-Bukhari 6035)
Allah is more delighted with the repentance of His servant than a man who loses his camel in a desert, then finds it. ****(Sahih al-Bukhari 6309, Sahih Muslim 2744)
A man asked the Prophet (ﷺ), 'O Messenger of Allah, which people are most tested?' He said, 'The Prophets, then the righteous, then those next in virtue. A man is tested according to his faith. If his faith is firm, his trials increase; if it is weak, he is tested accordingly.’ (Sunan al-Tirmidhi 2398, Sahih)
Know that victory comes with patience, relief with distress, and ease with hardship. (Sunan al-Tirmidhi 2516, Hasan)
Indeed, Allah says: 'I am as My servant thinks of Me. I am with him when he remembers Me. If he remembers Me in himself, I remember him in Myself. If he remembers Me in a gathering, I remember him in a better gathering...' (Sahih al-Bukhari 7405, Sahih Muslim 2675)
"Tie your camel first, then trust in Allah."* (**Tirmidhi 2517**)
“No fatigue, nor disease, nor sorrow, nor sadness, nor hurt, nor distress befalls a Muslim, even if it were the prick he receives from a thorn, but that Allah expiates some of his sins for that.” (Ṣaḥīḥ al-Bukhārī 5641 Ṣaḥīḥ Muslim 2573)